(gentle music)
- So we get questions
from both men and women
about bulking or getting
big with using X3.
So I'm gonna answer both questions.
Like what happens to men
and what happens to
women when they use X3?
I'll start with women.
They read that I put
on 45 pounds of muscle
in the first two years and
lost 16 pounds of body fat.
They like the fat loss part,
they really don't wanna
put on 45 pounds of muscle.
Well, for those women who are concerned
about too much muscle mass,
you don't really have the biochemistry
to put on that kind of mass as a female.
So what ends up happening
with women who use this,
and you can see in some of
the before and after pictures
on the website, the women
end up looking more feminine
because the muscles do
get a little bigger,
but they also get harder
and then the body fat
surrounding them is dropped.
So they just look more defined,
maybe a little more athletic
or a lot more athletic,
depending on their nutrition.
But ultimately, nobody's
putting on too much size
so that they're really tipping the scale
when it comes to muscularity.
So moving on to men.
Men respond in a very different way
because they have the
hormones and biochemistry
to add a lot more muscle mass.
There are people who put
on 20 pounds of muscles
in six months.
Quite a few of them, you
can see them on the website
in the before and after section.
Men and women respond differently,
but both end up looking very athletic
with their respected genders.